Adds metrics and tracing to the pulp-content app (#3828)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/components.rst

    	}],
        "postgresqlVersion": 90200
    }

.. _telemetry:

Telemetry Support
-----------------

> New Pulp installations can obtain telemetry data, like the number of requests, active connections and latency response for both `pulp-api` and `pulp-content` using OpenTelemetry. You can read more about `OpenTelemetry here <https://opentelemetry.io>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulp can produces OpenTelemetry data, like the number of requests, active connections and latency response for both `pulp-api` and `pulp-content` using OpenTelemetry. You can read more about `OpenTelemetry here <https://opentelemetry.io>`_.
```

These docs should also be line wrapped at 100 chars.

Author: Done

To enable it you will need to set the following environment variables:

> * ``PULP_OTEL_ENABLED`` set to ``True``.

Reviewer: I think this needs to become it's own paragraph expanding on it. What this actually does is run the workers with a different prefix so these docs should give an example of running `pulp-api` and `pulp-content` with and without open telemetry support. Then after explaining that we can state that the `pulp-oci-images` automatically handles that if the `PULP_OTEL_ENABLED` is set.

Reviewer 2: @bmbouter is it pulp-oci-images that handles this automatically? that means not only single container  but also operator should be well set here too as well.

    	}],
        "postgresqlVersion": 90200
    }

.. _telemetry:

Telemetry Support
-----------------

> Pulp can produces OpenTelemetry data, like the number of requests, active connections and latency response for

Reviewer 2: s/like/such as

> Pulp can produces OpenTelemetry data, like the number of requests, active connections and latency response for

Reviewer 2: Pulp can produce
